### log2548
### Author: Nathan Tebbs

---

# If it's not tested it doesn't work

Somewhat of a good philosophy. Currently, I'm not spending 100% of my time done coding
utilizing TDD. However, testing is a good thing especially for complex projects with a lot
going on. I've decided to try out using googletest to test my C code, so far the
experience has been pretty easy.

Additionally, when you build a new StatDoc docker image the gtest library is automatically
installed to ```/usr/local/include/gtest``` directory on the docker container. So you now
you can run the *future* test suite in the docker container environment.

As for the code, I plan on starting work on the parser soon but first I want to add
documentation for the lexer. Documentation is a topic that people seem to be either over
documenting or under documenting their code. For context my sample pool comes from
freshmen taking the Cloud Computing class I am a TA for. Either way for this project I'm
going to emphasize documenting the header file, and if I see a block of code as super
complex and needing information I *might* include a comment in the implementation file
regarding that. Overall, I just want to be able to come back to this project and
actually be able to jog my memory on what the hell is even happening here XD.

I think it's been about a week or so since starting and so far I'm feeling optimistic
about the future of this. By the time it solves the problem I'm currently dealing with
it will be gone from my life since the class that produces it will be ending within the
month.
